around halfway through the story about a
family taken hostage we discovered the
greatest twist in cinema history
trust me you don't want to miss it this
treacherous tale begins at a gas station
where ranger notes to the clerk that a
dangerous duel has robbed a bank and is
headed towards the border
along the way the brotherly bandits have
already killed multiple rangers
cops and civilians and they have
hostages
the man goes to drain the main vein and
suddenly the criminals appear
this one's seth the level-headed of the
pair he suspects the clerk may be trying
to double-cross them
and richie the crazy one insists that
he's trying to signal the ranger
look man i'm doing my best to act
natural under the circumstances i had to
get an academy award
everyone composes themselves and the
ranger returns all right
everything's going well we're natural
we're calm
pretty straight wild and even his
brother's like whoa what are you doing
richie insists that the clerk was
mouthing something to the ranger but
he wasn't things quickly escalate and
there we go again
poor guy he followed their instructions
and still got shot
time to seek vengeance so anyway he
starts blasting
managing to put a clean hole right
through richie's hand the brothers take
cover and seth instructs richie to shoot
out the beer bottles behind the counter
while he prepares a warm surprise
during the commotion the hostages run
free the clerk is engulfed in flames
but like a phoenix he rises from the
ashes though
the affair short-lived as they say the
brightest flames burn out the quickest
well time to head out
say richie how's that hand doing well
aside from the fact i can see you
through it pretty well
the pair book is stay at a hotel oh they
still got this hostage
seth gives her a set of rules to follow
number one make a noise and mr 44 makes
a noise
number two ask a question and mr 44
answers
she hears him loud and clear then seth
heads out to get some munchies
shortly after richie invites her to the
bedroom to watch tv with him
meanwhile we meet the fuller family at a
diner we got the dad
jacob the daughter kate and scott his
honest to god biological son
don't ask questions they're doing a
family road trip but dad's pretty
exhausted
he wants to sleep in a real bed so
they're going to stop at a motel
scott then excuses himself and kate
questions her father about his recent
life choices you see
their mother recently died and as a
result he quit his job as a pastor
with his faith in god diminished he
doesn't see how he can continue on that
path
we then cut to a news broadcast
detailing the exploits of the bandit
brothers
a news lady enthusiastically reads off
their kill count like it's a high score
in a video game
we've got five rangers eight police
officers three civilians
and one hostage the police expect their
capture within 48 hours
and yeah it's personal back to seth he
arrives back to the motel with food in
hand
he greets his brother then offers him a
burger wait a second where's the hostage
she's in there seth inspects and stares
blankly at the carnage before him
flashes of brutality strike our vision
while he asks his brother
what's wrong with you he insists it was
her fault he became a completely
different person
seth berates his brother explaining that
this isn't how we do things
but his brotherly love kicks in and he
assures him that once they're in mexico
it'll be rainbows and sunshine and rice
and beans
i'm hungry now the fuller family arrives
at the same hotel and they almost run
over seth who leaves them with a
mysterious glance
after the family settles in richie pays
them a visit and then things get serious
seth explains their predicament just as
a startled kid returns
we're having a bikini contest and you
just won
richie can barely keep his eyes off her
as seth hasn't bring the truck around
kate goes to quickly get dressed then
jacob tries to spare his children from
the fate of being held hostage
unfortunately seth wants them all and
he's rather persuasive
everybody gets aboard the express train
to mexico and seth snoops through
jacob's wallet while asking him personal
questions
we learned that his wife died in a car
accident and he shares that he was a
pastor
though as we know those days are behind
him in the back richie sits with the
kids and really takes a liking into kate
and
her feet okay he's one of those he
starts to chat her up
but fortunately seth chimes in and tells
him to keep it quiet jacob warns seth
that if richie touches her
he'll kill him fair enough he says and
if you screw things up
i'll take you all out jacob agrees to
play along and as they approach border
patrol he meets his first test
seth richie and kate hide in the
bathroom while scott moves up to sit
alongside his dad
he urges him to speak up citing the
reality shows he watches as
evidence that criminals are not to be
trusted his dad refuses stating that
he's the one calling the shots here
the officer walks up and questions jacob
how many people you got
just me and my son what's your business
in mexico oh that's easy
cheaply meanwhile rich is getting rowdy
in the back he thinks this is a terrible
idea
and can't shut up about it seth urges
him to stop being such a nut but this
only stokes his fire
he pushes kate to the side causing a
thudding sound the officer outside hears
this and jacob explains that his
daughter
is in the bathroom i thought you were
only here with your son the man decides
to investigate further and enters the rv
seth takes dire action and whacks his
wacko brother
upon inspecting the bathroom the officer
finds kate
the officer departs and seth gives her a
look of approval damn that was intense
i know i wrote it drop a like let's go
we did it boys
now one more stop seth gives jacob the
directions to a bar
apparently you can't miss it they're
gonna wait there until the brothers can
rendezvous with their contact
they arrive at the hmm can i even say
this anyway they make it to the bar
which has a wide selection of putts
we got smelly food all right all right
i'm sold you had me at smelly as they
make their way in the man stops them
apparently this is a private bar seth
hits him with the three-piece combo
and then they all head in oh and richie
throws in some fries
upon entering seth is taken aback by the
blood rushing sights
whoa he asked the bartender for a shot
of whiskey he pours one but enjoys it
all to himself
you see this bar is for bikers and
truckers only
a man grabs seth from behind and begins
counting down to three
seth counters with his own countdown
wait that's illegal
jacob steps in and tells everyone to
calm down he drove in
in an rv which is technically a truck as
you need a trucker's license to drive it
which makes him a trucker and these are
his guests
a bar room brawl has been narrowly
avoided for now
seth finds an empty table i said empty
then we get a look at this guy
[Music]
so that's what he meant when he said
blinky got the stiffy
seth offers everyone shots but jacob
refuses instead
his kids have a go at it seth angrily
bangs the shot glass against the table
prompting jacob to ask
why are you mad bro seth reveals that
he's still upset about that guy who
tried him earlier
so jacob gasses him up a bit you've won
the entire state of texas is after you
but you're here
in mexico you made it might as well
enjoy it
right on cue the main event is about to
begin the bartender announces the
entrance of the most sinister woman to
walk the earth
nico heck yeah my dudes i wish that was
my snake
we're treated to a scintillating display
before santa nico centrally slithers
towards the table
of our protagonists she pours a drink
down her leg and into the mouth of
richie
fun fact this is quentin tarantino he
actually wrote the film and is
notoriously into feet
repeat after me that's nasty everybody
rightfully applause
but the cheery atmosphere quickly turned
sour the guy they beat up is finally
back on his feet
and he's not happy he rallies his squad
and they approach the bandits
things get dicey quick richie stabs the
bartender while seth ices mister
countdown
as the pair hold the entire bar at
gunpoint santa nico takes on a sinister
gaze
and one of the men begins to giggle this
rubs seth and richie the wrong way
now you guys are definitely out of
bullets suddenly jacob notices something
peculiar
the knife richie stabbed the bartender
with is covered in green ooze
then santonigo becomes entranced by
rich's bloody hand
what we're in a vampire movie oh my god
santa nico attacks richie and seth takes
aim
and the movie counts as bullets this is
a gem before seth can reload
richie's already missing a chunk of his
neck seth fires but it's already too
late
his beloved brother quickly bleeds out
and dies
one by one the fallen foes rise from the
dead they start attacking everybody
but this guy's covered by the way
his name is sus so we're just going to
call him jess anyway
one of the dancers barricades the door
oh she bad never mind
actually problem solved a feeding frenzy
ensues as the vampires dig into their
fresh meals
meanwhile the band continues to provide
excellent music the humans stand no
chance
the carnage unfolds and what can only be
described as hell on earth one of the
vamps charges kate but she cleverly uses
her cross necklace against it
the reaction is instant the monster
begins to melt and ooze before popping
like a zit
we see another man frost have success
against the creatures as he flips a
table over and one by one
skewers not one not two not three
but four whole ass vampire baddies
damn jeff is also out here racking up a
kill streak though
he gets the attention of her juiced up
bartender he's so confident
he tosses him his weapon this dude's
going for style points
he lassos the vampire then takes care of
business meanwhile
seth lives out my fantasy as santa nico
steps on him you'll be my slave
she morphs into her true form and
welcomes seth to slavery
no thanks i already have a wife he fires
hitting a chandelier which falls and
impales the seductive succubus
she perishes like the rest then one of
her comrades seeks to avenge her
frost gets his attention and hits him
with some mortal combat [ __ ]
okay all i did was make him more angry
seth and jacob have a go
get him let him get let him get up fight
back
fight fat then jeff pulls up and
finishes the job
it's not over yet as four she devils
emerge everybody squares up
and goes to war well well well how the
turn tables
our four heroes emerge triumphant as the
bodies burn away
now for the band almost forgot those
guys they flip the bird
and blow themselves up i mean that works
seth walks over to richie's body and
tells him he loves him
to his surprise he responds
the others spring into action to defeat
richie but seth stops them
jacob pleads with him don't be a fool
he's not your brother anymore
though seth rather figured that out for
himself he eyes richie and his killer
intent is undeniable
he has the others restrain him as he
carries the burden of putting his own
brother down
as he jams the stake through his chest
he wishes him a peaceful rest
he's torn up about the whole ordeal and
turns to booze but jacob urges him to
stay sober
this nightmare isn't over yet suddenly
we hear flapping sounds around the
building
they're bats fun fact george clooney was
batman
anyway the sounds fred and kate and as
she cowers in fear
a newly transformed vampire crawls over
it attacks slithering up her body
jeff saves her and then everyone
realizes they probably ought to deal
with this before they all wake up
the crew goes around stabbing the bodies
before they transform but kate hesitates
with hers
eventually wakes up and she takes action
jeff checks in on her but during this
moment of inattentiveness he's
blindsided
the vamp takes a piece out of jeff and
takes it with him on his way back to
hell
unfortunately jeff doesn't tell the
others a little lull in the action
proceeds as seth helps everyone process
what they just saw
so i'm not saying it's vampires but it's
vampires
everyone is in agreement and they
discuss some of their notable weaknesses
crosses stakes and holy water while this
is going on
kate comments on the constant sounds of
the bats this prompts frost to begin a
rambling war story about his time in
vietnam
he gleefully relives getting his revenge
while the enemy was asleep
as he demonstrates as literally killer
moves jeff is beginning to transform
first he sprouts a fang then his hands
change
and before frost can conclude his
tantalizing tail jeff's creepy fingers
comically crawl up his back jacob tears
him off but gets bit for his troubles
then frost and jeff face off before
frost launches him out the door
letting all the bats in in the process
at the same time he's already
transformed
the three survivors run off as the now
undead frost directs the bats their way
the trio successfully makes their way
through the cavernous depths of the
building
and find refuge in a storage room kate
remarks that they need to go back for
her dad
but seth believes him to be dead we cut
to jacob who's hiding under the bar
he grabs a bat and a shotgun and forms
what is possibly the most badass cross
ever to hit the silver screen
and it doesn't just look good now that's
what i call practical
jacob slowly backs himself through the
pathway and knocks on the door
they let him in he confirms that he's
been bitten and gives the group an
ultimatum
we can either go out guns blazing and
maybe survive or wait around
and surely die they choose the former
they all scavenge through the storage
room and find a plethora of random
supplies
turns out the reason the bar only
accepted truckers and bikers so they can
steal all their loot
everybody gears up with guns crossbows a
steak stabby thingy and holy water
filled super soakers
now that they're dripped out the squad
heads out to clear the final wave
things start off great the holy water
works wonders kate's sniping fools
dad's blasting away and seth's loving
his new toy
sadly it runs out of gas just as jeff
drops in seth manages to snag his lasso
wrap it around his neck and yank his
head off he kicks it towards cake
who delivers the killing blow not so
fast the remaining body sprouts a new
rat like head and limbs
it ends up on top of seth and as they
tussle kate signals him to lift the rat
she toggles her aimbot and gets off a
clean headshot then
sethi eats the creature one more shot to
make sure this thing is gonzo
add a girl jacob runs into frost and boy
is he ugly
he jams his shotgun through his gut and
uses him as a living shield
well actually he's dead anyway jacob
manages to dispatch several more
vampires including frost
though several monsters take their place
and surround jacob
but they suddenly stop their assault
scott watches on and realizes
his father has turned before he can do
anything his father lunges in
and takes a bite scott retaliates with
some holy water then picks up a gun
and finishes his poor father off kate
screams out and immediately after
scott is too in the grips of these
monsters they begin to eat him alive and
he asks kate to end his suffering
she obliges apparently
scott was filled with dynamite now just
seth and kate remain
as the vampire surround the pair kate
contemplates saving the bullets to use
on themselves
suddenly a shining ray of light
brightens up their situation
and i don't mean that metaphorically
like literally it's morning
kate turns her guns to the walls and
punches out a couple more holes for the
light to leak in
the vampires are unable to close in as
the burning beams stand in their way
then a voice emerges from outside i'm
looking for seth
wow the guys that we're supposed to meet
up with are finally here
seth calls for them to blast out the
doors and they oblige the vampires are
brought to bear the full force of the
sun
then seth warmly greets his friend and
then they prepare to head out for elray
their final destination
now without a family kane has to go
along with seth but in the end
he's a good guy he tells her to go home
she gets in her family's rv
and drives off as the camera pads out we
see that the bar
was actually a mayan temple what'd you
think pretty good twist huh